[AIRFLOW-2923][AIRFLOW-1784] Implement LatestOnlyOperator as BaseBranchOperator (#5970)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

- `dag.loading-duration.<basename>` -- use `dag_processing.last_duration.<basename>` instead
- `dag_processing.last_runtime.<basename>` -- use `dag_processing.last_duration.<basename>` instead

### Changes to skipping behaviour of LatestOnlyOperator

> In previous versions the `LatestOnlyOperator` forcefully skippded all (direct and undirect) downstream tasks on it's own. From this version on the operator will **only skip direct downstream** tasks and the scheduler will handle skipping any further downstream dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, the `LatestOnlyOperator` forcefully skipped all (direct and undirect) downstream tasks on its own. From this version on the operator will **only skip direct downstream** tasks and the scheduler will handle skipping any further downstream dependencies.
```

Author: fixed

> No change is needed, if only the default trigger rule `all_success` is beeing used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No change is needed if only the default trigger rule `all_success` is being used.
```

Author: fixed
